Add request processing pipeline diagrams to middleware doc (#17623)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/middleware/index.md

## Middleware order

> The following diagram depicts the complete request processing pipeline for ASP.NET Core MVC and Razor Pages apps. You can see how existing middlewares are ordered and where custom middlewares are typically added. There are exceptions to this ordering. You can choose to add middleware in any other stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram depicts the complete request processing pipeline for ASP.NET Core MVC and Razor Pages apps. You can see how existing middlewares are ordered and where custom middlewares are typically added. Please note that this diagram represents the most typical example and developers have full control over how to reorder existing or inject new custom middlewares as they find fit for their scenarios. Simply put, you can choose to add middleware in any other stage.
```
